docs: Rework copy trait explanation (#938)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch04-01-what-is-ownership.md

## The `Copy` Trait

> If a type implements the `Copy` trait, passing a value of that type to a function does not move the value. Instead, a new variable is created, referring to the same value. On the other hand, Rust version of the `Copy` trait creates a a new copy of its value in memory. We can view `Copy` trait in Cairo as a guardrail mechanism to ensure data types adhere to Cairo's linear type system and allow existing data types to be referenced without moving them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Copy` trait allows simple types to be duplicated by copying felts, without allocating new memory segments. This contrasts with Cairo's default "move" semantics, which transfer ownership of values to ensure memory safety and prevent issues like multiple writes to the same memory cell. `Copy` is implemented for types where duplication is safe and efficient, bypassing the need for move semantics. Types like `Array` and `Felt252Dict` cannot implement `Copy`, as manipulating them in different scopes is forbidden by the type system.
```

Proposing this version that links the Copy trait to the move and ownership transfer semantics, with a specific relation with array and dicts.

Author: Agreed!
